Man, oh, man, am I excited, you know, building up this flow wasn't as hard as you may have thought,
right?
You may have thought integrating stripe, getting a payment token is going to be 2000 lines of code
and five months of work.
No, it was about approximately 30 lines of code and super easy.
And that's what Stripe's sets out to do.
It sets out to make payment integration as easy as possible and scalable.
That's why we choose it.
It's a first class library and platform to do this.
And we want to give you all the tools that you can leverage in order to do things right on the job.
OK, so now that we have our Tulgan, we're focusing on Check-Out, here's where things are going to
change, because now we need to focus on the user experience side of things.
We're not working with Stripe in the following couple of videos.
Not necessarily.
We have our token already.
Once we get to the payment step, that's when we'll come back to it.
But in the checkout flow now we're thinking user experience.
Now we're thinking, hey, when the user wants to check out what products do they have?
What are they going to do?
And that's where we start building out what we would call a cart, right, every checkout comes with
a cart, every checkout comes with products that you can add to cart.
Every checkout has a flow.
And so we need to start thinking about that.
What we need to start thinking about, what that looks like and what that feels like, because we can't
just go and integrate a credit card input and then just say hit pay.
No, no.
We need to hook it up into the restaurant screen.
We need to hook it up into the the flow of this.
And so what I came up with here, since we're doing a End-To-End integration, that kind of feels like
you are processing a real payment.
Every single restaurant, no matter if we're with live data or production data or mock data, it doesn't
really matter what we're going to do because the stripe integration is solely in a test sandbox is we're
going to have every single restaurant offer a special, OK, so we're going to have every restaurant
offer a special.
What is that going to look like?
Well, let me show you, if I open up my production meals to go up here to show you the full flow and
I click on Zuni Café, what you're going to see here is an order special button and order special is
going to read twelve ninety nine.
And when we hit that, it's going to add that the cart and at the top we're going to see the restaurant
we're ordering from.
We're going to see our order, we're going to see that it's a special for twelve ninety nine and we're
going to see our total and then we're going to be able to fill in our name.
We're going to be able to fill in our credit card information.
Right.
And then once we do that, we're going to be able to pay.
And once we pay, it will go through life payment and we'll either succeed or fail and tell us and then
our cart will be empty.
So that's that's kind of the full flow that we're going for.
But what we're trying to build right now is this order special.
So when we order a special, we're going to try to build out the screen.
That's going to show us, hey, we're ordering a special and it's going to show us where we're ordering
a special from.
It's going to show us the information and then we'll start building out the bottom section here, which
we will consider to be the payment flow.
So we're going to focus on kind of building out that cart integration.
That's going to show us this information right here.
That's going to be the next couple of videos.
And then eventually we'll trickle into payment and kind of gracefully handling all of that.